Improve 'Observing Your Application with Choreo' (#3337)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: learn/guides/observing-ballerina-programs/observing-your-application-with-choreo.md

## Step 1 - Creating a Hello World Ballerina Service

> Create a hello world service as given below and save it as `hello_world.bal`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a `hello world` service as given below and save it as `hello_world.bal`.
```

Author: Fixed in 08c412d

> >**Info:** Import the `ballerinax/choreo` module as demonstrated in the sample below in order to add the Choreo extension to the executable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**Info:** Import the `ballerinax/choreo` module as demonstrated in the sample below to add the Choreo extension to the executable.
```

Author: Fixed in 08c412d

## Step 3 - Observing the Ballerina Service

> 1. Once the configuration file has been created, execute the command below to pass it to the Ballerina program with the `BAL_CONFIG_FILES` environment variable. This is not necessary if the `Config.toml` file is present in the current working directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Once the configuration file has been created, execute the command below to pass it to the Ballerina program with the `BAL_CONFIG_FILES` environment variable. 

>**Tip:** This is not necessary if the `Config.toml` file is present in the current working directory.
```

Author: Fixed in 08c412d

    [ballerina/http] started HTTP/WS listener 0.0.0.0:9090
    ```

> 2. Click on the URL provided. You will be directed to the Choreo portal where you can view the metrics and traces exposed via the throughput and latency graphs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click on the URL provided. 
This directs you to the Choreo portal in which you can view the metrics and traces exposed via the throughput and latency graphs.
```

Author: Fixed in 08c412d

>    >**Note:** If you haven't sent any requests to the Ballerina service, you may see a banner with the message "No request received during the selected time period".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   >**Note:** If you haven't sent any requests to the Ballerina service, you may see a banner with the message `No request received during the selected time period`.
```

Author: Fixed in 08c412d
